Now, that we have a list of topics,
let's actually get the details on a list of topics.
We're going to write some similar code to above.
We're going to say, "Response equals requests.get," and
we're going to use the REST proxy URL slash topics.
Then we're going to pass in the topic name.
This is going to give us details on that topic.
How do I know about this?
We can take a look at the documentation again.
We can see, get topics,
specifying a topic name,
will give us metadata about a specific topic.
You can actually see what
the request and the response format looks like in the documentation.
Let's go ahead and see how this works.
We're going to just take pretty much the same approach here.
We're going to check for an error.
Otherwise, we're going to just go ahead and print response topic details.
I'm going to do a JSON dumps on this.
Just so it formats nicely,
I'm going to indent it by two,
so that when it prints the JSON out,
it's nice and easy for us to read in the terminal. Then I'm going to save.
This also needs to be a function call not just an attribute.
Let's go ahead and run this code and see what happens.
Go into full screen mode here. All right.
Now, we have topic details as you can see.
I just had it pick the first topic in the list which in this case is
confluent support metrics and this is actually a private topic on the Kafka broker.
But it doesn't really matter for this exercise.
We just want to see what the details are.
You can see not only can we see the name of the topic,
we can see all the configuration details for this topic as well.
This might be really useful if you want to get quick information
about your topics into some kind of a user interface,
a web page, or even just into your logs.
You can even see partition information.
We're going to exit out of this and finish our final request here.
Now, that we've done that, we want to get information on the broker itself.
We can actually get a list of all the brokers that are supported by doing
response equal requests dot get f for
format string and just talking to the slash brokers end point.
We're going to raise for status if this was in
a 200 response and exit if it was incorrect.
Otherwise, we're going to print broker details.
Then we're going to basically just dump out the JSON that we
get back from our REST proxy.
All right. Let's run that final command.
As you can see, our broker details are now printed.
We only have one broker in our list
because we're in this exercise environment or in this workspace,
we only have one broker running.
If you had multiple brokers running,
you would get a list back with all the brokers listed.